giab_somatic/README.md, before:

## Somatic truth sets from Genome in a Bottle samples

A mixture of two [Genome in a Bottle](https://github.com/genome-in-a-bottle)
samples -- NA12878 and NA24385 -- to emulate a somatic-like tumor-normal set.
Known calls from these two samples can be used to estimate true and false
positives from somatic variant callers.

`giab_truthset.snakefile` has the full commands for creating the truth sets.

## Build 38

NA12878 and NA24385 are from Genome in a Bottle v3.3.2 build 38 calls

Recipe with links to truth set and callable regions stored in S3:

## Build 37

NA12878 and NA24385 are from Genome in a Bottle v3.2.2 build 37 calls
(ftp://ftp-trace.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/giab/ftp/release/). 

* VCF truth set
  * https://s3.amazonaws.com/biodata/giab/na24385/na12878-na24385-somatic-truth.vcf.gz,
  * https://s3.amazonaws.com/biodata/giab/na24385/na12878-na24385-somatic-truth.vcf.gz.tbi

* Callable regions
  * https://s3.amazonaws.com/biodata/giab/na24385/na12878-na24385-somatic-truth-regions.bed.gz

Commit message:

Update GiaB somatic mixture truth set
Bump GRCh37 to use latest GiaB 3.3.2 release. Add germline
outputs for training purposes and classify expected variants
with expected frequency. Generalize snakemake workflow to
run hg38 and GRCh37 in same directory.

giab_somatic/README.md, after:

## Somatic truth sets from Genome in a Bottle samples

A mixture of two [Genome in a Bottle](https://github.com/genome-in-a-bottle)
samples -- NA12878 and NA24385 -- to emulate a somatic-like tumor-normal set.
Known calls from these two samples can be used to estimate true and false
positives from somatic variant callers. Input BAMs and a complete description
of the experimental setup are available from the Genome in a Bottle FTP site:

ftp://ftp-trace.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/giab/ftp/use_cases/mixtures/UMCUTRECHT_NA12878_NA24385_mixture_10052016/

`giab_truthset.snakefile` has the full commands for creating the truth sets.

NA12878 and NA24385 are from Genome in a Bottle v3.3.2 calls.

The somatic truth sets contain two annotations:

- FREQ: Specifying the expected frequency of the mutation: 30% and 15% for
  NA12878 homozygotes and heterozygotes from the 30% NA12878 70% NA24385
  tumor-like mixture.
- SOMTYPE: A classification for the somatic type (high_freq_somatic and
  mod_freq_somatic) useful in training.

## Build 37

* Somatic VCF truth set
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-GRCh37-truth.vcf.gz
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-GRCh37-truth.vcf.gz.tbi
* Callable BED regions
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-GRCh37-truth-regions.bed
* Germline VCF truth set
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-germline-GRCh37-truth.vcf.gz
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-germline-GRCh37-truth.vcf.gz.tbi

# Build 38

* Somatic VCF truth set
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-hg38-truth.vcf.gz
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-hg38-truth.vcf.gz.tbi
* Callable BED regions
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-somatic-hg38-truth-regions.bed
* Germline VCF truth set
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-germline-hg38-truth.vcf.gz
  - https://s3.amazonaws.com/bcbio/giab/NA12878-NA24385/2018-07-05/na12878-na24385-germline-hg38-truth.vcf.gz.tbi
